Docs: Update doc pages to include `curvature_on` kwarg (#253)
MDAnalysis/membrane-curvature: docs/api.rst

The MembraneCurvature API is built around the :class:`~membrane_curvature.base.MembraneCurvature` class, which loads trajectory and coordinate
files, and provides routines to derive a surface from atom positions. The resulting surface is then used to compute mean and Gaussian curvature,
either for individual frames or averaged across multiple frames of an MD trajectory. Average maps can be computed as the time average of per-frame curvatures

> or evaluated directly on the time-averaged surface via the ``curvature_on`` argument.

Reviewer: As an introductory paragraph, this information is a bit too much. It has its place later on.

```suggestion
either for individual frames or averaged across multiple frames of an MD trajectory.
```

In both cases, the derivatives are then used to calculate mean and Gaussian curvature using the Monge-gauge formulas.

> Average curvature maps (:attr:`~membrane_curvature.base.MembraneCurvature.results.average_mean` and :attr:`~membrane_curvature.base.MembraneCurvature.results.average_gaussian`) can be calculated either as the time average of per-frame curvature maps (``curvature_on='per_frame'``: :math:`\langle H \rangle`, :math:`\langle K \rangle`) or evaluated directly on the time-averaged surface (``curvature_on='average_surface'``: :math:`H(\langle S \rangle)`, :math:`K(\langle S \rangle)`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:class:`~membrane_curvature.base.MembraneCurvature` supports two different approaches to obtain average curvature maps: : as the time average of per-frame curvatures, or by calculating curvature directly on the time-averaged surface.
```
